We will analyze or we will evaluate
SEO, the advantages and disadvantages
as a channel relative to
others.
What should we take into account?
As I said, knowledge
is needed.
Second, it is not immediate, it must
be worked out and it can take time and
it is a dull process.
Competition is fierce for two reasons,
it's because in the end there are
more and more companies that have
a website and this is a content that's
there.
And second, we also note that
search engines are companies
that have to make money
and make money from SEM ads.
They are leaving less and less space for SEO.
I think it's true that the organic
levels are getting lower.
actually is.
Even, for example, on the mobile,
only one SEO link, depending on the
mobile terminal.
More than 50% of searches are
mobile now.
actually is.
This is because we depend on algorithms.
There are things that are uncontrollable.
A change in algorithm, a coma
of some element and we have
a problem.
I want to add one thing to this.
In general, in digital marketing,
on all the platforms we use,
we rely on the algorithm.
You have to live with it.
You have to accept it, but it has
an impact on your business, because
you change the algorithm and there
are companies that have gone to ruin.
actually is.
But therefore we need to work
on a mix.
You can't afford to risk
everything on the same platform.
It can actually be dangerous.
A lot of points in favor of SEO.
It is free.
Let me say that it is not advertising.
It has a certain cost because content
costs money, the technician
costs money, etc.
It is free and, above all, very sustainable.
Once we have SEO well mounted,
it is a virtuous circle.
We will perpetually generate
quality and free traffic.
Yes, quality, because it is free and also
the people who are looking for you is a
very qualified click because they are
looking for.
The conversion rate is higher than
if we impact it.
With banner or social media ads
that will normally be, it's usually
pretty much listening
to you, the conclusion is that it's
complicated.
It has a necessary management
cost, it's not immediate, but
if you do it well and you're
well positioned, it's very beneficial
because you'll be getting
free traffic as a wonder.
You can be years.